---
layout: post
howtos: true
published: true
title: Use Cases
permalink: howtos/use-cases
description: What you should know
---
# Flyve MDM Dashboard

The Android MDM Dashboard allows the management of the mobile fleet with the same features of the Web Dashboard but from the comfort of your Android Device.

## 1. Create Account

To manage the mobile fleet the Administrator must create an account in Flyve MDM with just an email, once it is validated, the Administrator will be able to create and control the mobile fleets.

## 2. Invitation

The users must have installed on their phones the Flyve MDM Agent to proceed to enroll on the Dashboard.

See the following links for more information:

- [Android MDM Agent](http://flyve.org/android-mdm-agent/)
- [iOS MDM Agent](http://flyve.org/ios-mdm-agent/)

The Administrator only requires the email of the user whose device will be managed, the invitation either in the form of a deeplink or QR code will have a limited lifetime.

Once the user receives the invitation in his email account and enrolls the device it will appear on the Devices section on the Dashboard.

## 3. Fleet Control

Through the MQTT, a Machine to Machine (M2M) protocol the Agent is capable of maintaining a connection with the backend, thanks to the concepts of will and testament of the protocol.

### 3.1 Files & Apps

To deploy files and Apps, they must be added on the Dashboard so they can be available on the fleets.

Once they're added and the fleet is applied, the Agent will receive a MQTT message with the information to start the download using an HTTP request.

## 4. Users section

When an Agent is enrolled a new User is added to this section, the Administrator can edit the  information of the users.

## 5. Unenrollment

To unenroll an Agent, a MQTT message is sent to the device running this agent to process unenrollment. Once the unenrollment is done, the agent sends a MQTT message to acknowledge the unenrollment request.

The backend waits for this acknowledgment to actually delete the agent from the database. The delay to send this acknowledgment is undetermined but should happen because the device is in the end of a cycle but still owned by legitimate user and is used in normal operations.
